Style guide edits (#4895)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

Thanks for your interest in contributing to n8n Docs!

All contribution guidance — how to submit changes, our writing standards, content

> types, and the review process — lives in the **[Contribution Guide](https://docs.n8n.io/contributing/docs-contributing-guide.md)**.

Author: ```suggestion
types, and the review process — lives in the **[Contribution Guide](https://docs.n8n.io/contribute/contribution-guide-for-n8n-docs)**.
```
